Changelogs for Digital Twin Manager Plugins 5.0.1 (#4236)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/dtm-1024-1-0-fallback-to-key-when-name-is-not-present-ctm-2679-2680.md

---
date: ""

> title: "Fallback to key when Name is not present"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Added fallback to key for asset models and properties without name"
```

product_area: "Application enablement & solutions"
change_type:
    - value: "change-VSkj2iV9m"
      label: "Fix"
component:
    - value: "component-Tl88RYb4A"
      label: "Digital Twin Manager"
build_artifact:
    - value: "tc-wYIY0MBDO"
      label: "dtm"
ticket: "CTM-2679"
version: "1024.1.0"
---
Previously, if an asset model or property was created without a name,
blank values were displayed wherever the model or property name was
referenced. This has now been improved so that when a name is not

> available, it will automatically falls back to using the corresponding

Reviewer: ```suggestion
available, it will automatically fall back to using the corresponding
```
